You need to rest in bed as much as possible until the baby's born.
No strenuous sex or size, no sexual activity.
If there's any heavy bleeding again, that could lead to a miscarriage.
Thank you.
Mrs. Catherine, Mrs. Louise is requiring a presence at the mansion.
Our legal team has managed again touch with Andrew, but he refuses to accept any help from us.
We'll let him rot in jail.
What about Ms. Sanchez? What will you tell her?
I don't deserve friends. Please forgive me. I promise I'll behave.
Fine. Have him coordinate with William. Andrew can't tell right from wrong, but William should know better.
Eric, your mom is Mrs. Catherine.
Letting Eric acquire the stocks would only strengthen his control over the company.
I can't allow it to happen. If I can't have it, I'll make sure to destroy it. Sit.
Next week marks two years since you married Eric.
Let's end the charade. Sign the divorce agreement.